So we want to use this new knowledge that vuejs somehow attaches some css classes with our
alert here.
So back in the application, how do we do that?
Well we could use the transition like that and simply set up some styles, with classes named
v-enter, v-enter-active and so on because that would be the default
but typically oftentimes, you override that.
So let's say I here want to fade it in, therefore I add the name attribute here,
now no colon at the beginning because I don't want to dynamically bind this to some property in which
case I would need a colon but I want to hardcode the name into here as a string, so I can simply give
it a name here and I'll name it fade.
What this means is that vuejs will now attach fade
enter, fade-enter-active, fade-leave and fade-leave-active to this element whenever needed,
so during the animation in or the animation out,
so adding and removing the element. That means I can now set these classes up down there, fade-enter would
be the one which is attached for one frame at the beginning, fade-enter-active is the one which is attached
for the whole, at each element in animation time
and then we also have of course fade-leave and fade-leave-active.
Now the important thing and that is really important to keep in mind is that vuejs will analyze
this css code, will have a look at it and therefore determine how long the animation runs.
Right now it would see that the animation well doesn't run at all which is why it instantly attaches
and detaches it, it will automatically prolong this and give you the chance to really execute your css
code here
once you do start adding things here which takes some time.
Now what things would that be?
Typically, the transition property where you animate the transition of some css properties or the
css animation property where you set up a specific animation configured with keyframes.
Now I'm not going to dive deep into transition and animation here because that is a really core css
stuff, though of course you will see it being used by me in the next videos where we will now set
up such an example application.
Actually let's start with such animation
for the fading in the next video.